hey guys this is vociferous with Halo
Waypoint we're back again with a
different way to campaign the series
where we tackle halos campaigns in a
slightly different way I've ever gotten
yourself into a situation where you felt
a little outnumbered a little
overwhelmed and maybe a little short
stacked well thankfully you're playing
Halo and in reach like the other Halo
shooters players have the opportunity to
turn the tables on the unsuspecting
enemy upgrading their own arsenal to a
superior type of firepower the first
time you'll get a chance to really do
this in reach will probably be in the
mission owned a sword base where the
player is tasked with the defense of a
critical military facility once you've
activated a communications relay and
enabled a set of anti-aircraft guns
you're told to return to the base and
prevent the Covenant Corvette from
turning it into a parking lot on the way
back however you're introduced to mr.
gauss hawk and in halo reach the gas hog
is a force to be reckoned with but just
as you start to get the hang of this
amazing piece of machinery you're told
to get out on foot and deal with a pair
of hunters in the basis garage wouldn't
it be fun if you could take that gas off
and go toe-to-toe with those hunters
yeah I thought so use the gates new wall
to get some air with the hog if you hit
it just right you'll bounce over the
barrier from breach the courtyard now
you can spend some quality time with
hunter 1 and hunter 2
but what about the mission tip of the
spear you and the UNSC army are sent to
strike back at the covenants amassed
invasion force early on you get one of
the sweetest vehicles in the game the
new rocket Hawk and you're allowed to
play with it for a good bit about
halfway through the mission though
you're gently told to get out and go on
foot ordered into one of reaches many
mining facilities since they only told
you gently you might be able to
renegotiate this one yeah like that
after you've cleared the barricade you
can now make your way onto the mines
catwalk with the cool confidence that no
matter what the Covenant are packing
there you'll probably have them beat now
we've been playing with the m12 warthog
in this little demonstration but don't
stop there you have other vehicles a try
and you might be surprised at just what
can go where so mount up and instead of
bringing a gun to the gunfight how about
bringing one of these this is vociferous
with Halo Waypoint later folks
you